[Music]
günther could I get another cup of
coffee please
so uh what do you do when you're not
working here
you don't need to fill these silences
okay thank you that's like your fourth
cup of coffee okay do me I've had a
certain number of juices well I'm
drinking lots of cups of coffee because
I'm exhausted because Joey started
snoring he's in a different room he's
really that loud oh you should hear me
it's not something to be proud of okay
you have to go to a sleep clinic I told
you I'm not going to any clinic I don't
have a problem you're the one with the
problem you should go to a quit being a
baby leave me alone clinic I don't have
those yeah they do quit being a baby and
leave me alone there you just had your
first class no I used to go out with
this guy that was a really light sleeper
and whenever I'd start to snore he'd
just roll me over oh yeah he would just
roll me over and I would stop snoring
next time you snore I'm rolling you over
I gotta do what I gotta do you gotta do
it you down